this is a smartphone and these are the
craziest most powerful smartphone
gadgets and we're going to combine all
of their powers to build the most
upgraded phone you have ever
seen with superpowers starting with a $5
phone umbrella for when you want to keep
your phone dry but not your own body so
it sticks to the back of your phone via
suction cup and then let's say it starts
tipping it
down okay stop
stop the phone is in bone dry 6 out of
10 it does actually do its job however
dumb that job may be the amaran go is
definitely a step up though this thing
has literally just come out it's $29 and
it actually looks amazing so it's got a
magnet at the back which you snap onto
the back of your phone and that is
locked in and then even if you're not on
an iPhone it comes with this sticky ring
so that you can attach it onto any phone
or actually anything and then this turns
it on
that is a massive Improvement to a
phone's torch cuz it's not just about
sheer brightness it's the fact that the
light is spread across a bigger area and
that it's got this softening diffusion
layer over it which all means if I was
lighting myself with my normal phone
torch I'd look like this I'd have a ton
of harsh lines across my face which
would add up to make me look pretty UNH
handsome but then this this is literally
a world aart it's so much softer it
doesn't make me look like a Disney
villain but then this is the magic trick
the light flips up to both use that
light while you're taking selfies but
also to use the LED mirror on the back
to well first spot the cat fluff in your
hair but this actually makes such a
difference that I want to use this for
every single Instagram story I take from
now on you've got brightness control
over here you've got color temperature
control over here the only thing that
feels like it might be a touch lacking
is the battery I mean at the rate this
thing is depleting I think we're talking
less than an hour of juice still though
feels like a 9 out of 10 Gadget to me
very well thought out so next up is the
phone toaster I'm kidding it's actually
a cleaning station but it's pretty
fascinating how it works so first let
take a swab of my phone before any
cleaning lowkey going to expose myself
here I do remember reading though that
your phone does hold up to 10 times more
bacteria than a toilet seat so it's not
going to be good so now we place that
sample on the aard jelly and if there's
significant bacteria on my phone this is
going to look pretty gross pretty
quickly so now we can load the phone
in that is damn cool and it actually
even works when the phone has a case on
it and then on the inside are 30 of the
most powerful form of ultraviolet LEDs
firing within an aluminium chamber to
get full sanitizing coverage I get some
gloves
on so swab number two I'll do the same
thing yeah let's get it all up there and
so now that AAR is fully impregnated so
we'll come back to these samples at the
end to see if this is a scam or a savior
so now at $80 we've got the mag safe
suction cup so this is from a company
called evolved and when we bought it
from their site it definitely does say
that the retail price is $80 but looking
at what we actually received it's not
immediately clear to me how so the
concept is simple you use the suction
pad at the back to stick one on your
bathroom mirror you could stick one in
the kitchen you could stick one right
opposite the toilet so at this point we
are
$240 down but then there's a magma here
which means that without adding anything
to your iPhone you could just snap it in
place and it will hold there I will give
it this the suction is a lot more
powerful than it originally seems
because this is actually a pressure
trigger when you press this Mount
against a wall the trigger detects it
and then the mount sucks out the air
through this hole here to create
something that pretty closely resembles
a vacuum seal so yes to do that this
thing also has to have a very tiny
battery inside of it this is almost
definitely the most secure method I've
seen to mount a phone onto a wall with
the extra perk of if you decided you
wanted to charge your phone while it's
on one of these USBC into here and then
bam well it works it's actually really
good it just can't be $80 for this oh
okay I know what's happened here you
know as soon as you see like 30 backtack
five-star reviews from people who don't
seem to have a second name yeah this is
a Drop Shipping site which means the
actual product must be from AliExpress
mag saafe suction and oh there it is so
this is a $7 product for $7 actually to
be fair I'd go as far as to say $9 out
of 10 for $80 I'd probably say four
we're already at a stage where we need
this phone cage just to support all of
these gadgets but now is where these
gadgets start to get really serious cuz
this is the shift cam snap grip Creator
kit try say that 10 times so this is
around $150 and it's designed to be
everything you could want for your
phone's camera so this is the snap pod
and then below that in this tell me this
doesn't look at least a t tiny bit sus
pouch we've got the snap grip which is
the central product and that's attached
to the snap light now that is a camera
control Apple I mean it's far from
Slimline but if the goal is to make your
phone feel like a DSLR camera then that
it does oh works as a phone stand too
it's pretty cool but if that's where it
ended then I would say fun idea novelty
Gadget I wouldn't use this where I think
this gets interesting is that this snap
grip actually uses this EXT ra space
that it's taking up for a battery so
this is a 3,200 Mah cell that actually
uses this mag safe connection to not
just secure itself but also to charge
your phone up I'd say you should expect
this grip to be able to charge an iPhone
16 Pro from 0 to 50% not great as far as
power Banks go but a damn good bonus if
you are already the kind of person who
is going to get one of these anyway
there's another trick though when you
look at this thing you would expect that
this is locked in place and it kind of
is I can shake this pretty confidently
but I can actually rotate it because
it's a magsafe device and that is kind
of freaky it is comfortable it's just
quite heavy when you pair the phone and
the grip the only downside of doing
things this way is it means the grip
can't be hardwired into your phone so
this shutter button is a Bluetooth
button and you can kind of tell there's
this ever so slight delay every time you
capture which if you're into your
cameras enough that you'd want to buy
something like this then you'll alter
into your cameras enough that it will
probably bother you but we can build on
this ecosystem so this is the snaplight
oh wow so it's definitely in the better
than your phone's flashlight category
and this is the Aman which is actually
just so much better to be honest it's
brighter but at the same time it's
softer on my face while at the same time
having this temperature control which it
just makes this so much more of a pro
tool the only real benefit of the snap
light is that it lets you flip its
mirror around but then why would you
ever want to do that because you can
already see your face when you're taking
selfie video I guess you might want it
for makeup but I mean if this is your
makeup mirror the the situation is quite
dire but then the final piece to this
puzzle is the snap pod so this is
the so this is the tripod so pretty cool
that you can actually attach all three
parts of this rig together at once I
like that so I really like the idea of
this you know more and more we film bits
of our videos using a phone because of
how easy the phone makes it and it feels
like this whole hit kind of extends that
ease into the professional space like
it's so cool being able to take my phone
off like this and put it on like this
adjust the angle up and down and the
fact that all three gadgets work
together at the same time does create
this really slick
Synergy that was nearly a full send this
is actually good timing cuz it's part of
my problem with the product who designs
a tripod that's meant to carry this much
weight but the legs don't extend any
further than this doesn't even seem to
matter what way you put the tripod legs
it will just topple I feel like this
whole snap system deserves a 5 out of 10
should probably stop using it before it
becomes a snapped system this rig was
already looking dicey we about two
gadgets off turning it into Optimus
Prime not that I care as long as the end
footage keeps getting better and better
now if we really are trying to make this
the best phone camera ever then there's
another angle that we haven't touched on
yet something that our sponsor Lexa has
just figured out so this is the Lexar
professional go it's a portable SSD
that's a big deal for three reasons
first of all this tiny thing can add up
to 2 terab of storage to your phone so
very possibly 10x in what you can
capture the other upside though is it
means that we can set our phone to Now
record in even higher quality so now I
can switch from the normal iPhone camera
to recording in the prores file format
using the Blackmagic camera app and if
you want to see what the difference is
this is footage straight out of the
normal iPhone camera set up on our
lovely little rig this is prores footage
which gives us so much color control but
the the final cherry on top is that the
SSD comes with a hub which has four USBC
ports on it so instead of just being the
thing that takes up your phone slot this
actually becomes the center point of
your rig so let me add a microphone here
to improve my phone's audio quality and
then even if I decide that I still want
to charge my phone with a cable to get
the maximum speed I can still do that
using this port here link below to find
out more well now we're just getting to
the straight up weird this is the X gun
light gun which feels like a not so
elegant name name for something that's
half a classic very strange as seen on
Tik Tok product and then half an
actually very serious Gamers controller
this thing was
$160 and that's actually on discount
supposedly the retail price
is320 of course it is but if that were
true then that would mean you could
actually get a phone and a controller
for the price of this controller so it
had better be something special so at
its base this functions as a normal
Bluetooth controller although a normal
Bluetooth controller with a rather
Strang looking protrusion coming out of
it it's pretty responsive buttons are
nice and clicky I like the d-pad but
then this is gun mode and I won't lie to
you looking at the website description
this sounds Bonkers it uses gyroscope
and laser for precise positioning but
then also it has built-in recoil when
you fire it is interesting like
obviously I'm not automatically an
expert at playing games like this but I
could see how it would work work and the
tracking is actually pretty accurate
even though we could only get the gyro
part of the positioning to work on
phones and then every time you shoot
well I wouldn't go as far as to call it
recoil but you feel a vibration that
said would I ever actually want to play
a game like this not really it's just
like when is this ever more comfortable
than just this you're never going to do
this anywhere remotely public for
embarrassment reasons if not criminal
ones and this is just not a natural
position to keep my wrist bent into not
to mention that the controller doesn't
lock into either of these positions
giving the whole experience a pretty
floppy feel to be honest and that this
whole recoil thing it doesn't adapt to
what's happening in your game so whether
or not you're using a rapid fire machine
gun or a single shot rocket launcher it
will react and feel the exact same so
I'm going to say 4 out of 10 it's cool
but it's not useful and there is no way
they should be thinking about charging
$320 for this on the subject of gaming
though here's a concept that thus far I
have never seen work successfully a
gaming console for the back of your
phone wow wait what the hell that looks
sick and then you turn it around and
that's the console not going to lie I
kind of just want to put it on like this
I'm just so confused how the same
company that made this masterpiece also
made this but this is kind of useful too
it's not just a games console this is
also a 5,000 mAh battery bank which
means that instead of being a drag on
your phone's battery it's actually
sustaining itself while replenishing it
wow that is a bad speaker I also can't
reduce the volume oh my God 500 games
this is the kind of dread I feel when I
go to a restaurant and I realize the
menu has a thousand items I actually
think the computational power of this
machine is so low that it is struggling
to both play the music and keep up with
my
scrolling what the hell okay there's one
called Flying turkey I'm just going to
go with it some absolutely inspired
design choices here I mean power of game
console along the side of the screen is
something that Nintendo I dare you to
put on your switch 2 it's a weirdly
decent gaming experience and yeah you
can play this stuff on the front of your
phone and you probably should play it on
the front of your phone but I can see
the appeal of wanting the physical input
experience and while I've been playing
this my phone has gone up oh 8% now so I
wouldn't go as far as to say it's a good
product the speaker is appalling and the
mag safe connection isn't the most
secure by a long shot but I actually
weirdly could see myself running out of
phone battery flicking over to this side
playing a couple of games until my phone
is ready to use again I'd say a surprise
seven now if you thought the light gun
screened Tik Tok Gadget well this might
just be the most tick Tok Gadget I have
ever seen no points for guessing where I
found it this is meant to be basically
the final boss of wireless phone
chargers so this at the top gives 15 W
Wireless magnetic charging which is good
that's the most current industry
standard we've got a watch charger over
here this is an airpods charger the main
reason this exists though is this button
here how do they not know that it's
going to hit the watch on the way down
just thinking of all issues this
mechanism needed to solve there's an
obvious why looming over this thing well
I guess it gives you two different ways
to keep your phone you can have it flat
or you can have it facing you but
presumably once you've decided which way
you want once when would you actually
rotate it it serves its base function
it's just nothing about the way that the
product's been designed or even the
packaging inspires any confidence in its
quality so I'm going to give it a five
but coming back to camera gear if you
wanted to shoot not just good videos but
movies on your phone then you'd want to
Veer towards something like the New Year
phone cage blow NE this thing is tanky
so the case slips onto the phone like
this it's actually kind of SM that they'
built a quick eject mechanism so that
you're not trying to peel metal off your
phone as well they've kept the mag safe
magnets free it's got a foldable
kickstand me impressed the main reason
you would ever even think of going for a
phone cage like this is that it has a
threaded back plate that allows you to
attach lenses put it this way the key
factor that makes phone cameras not look
as cinematic as proper mirrorless
cameras is because they have had to
design compressed lenses that fit into
sub 1 cm thick bodies but now we can
remove that limitation so just before we
get to the crazy Big Daddy lens this is
a 60 mm telephoto which we can now just
screw into our setup so this is what our
phone footage already looks like without
this lens and you'll notice by the way
how good the audio sounds now given that
we have this external microphone but
this is what it looks like with the lens
it's not just way more zoomed in but the
extra space that we've created within
the glass allows for that really natural
cinematic background blur I just think
this looks so good but if you wanted to
take this to the absolute extreme this
is a macro Pro blend you don't see phone
gadgets like this very often I mean just
the way it's packaged makes it look like
something James Bond would quietly set
up at a 10th story hotel room window
before using it to kill someone three
buildings away and then pack it up and
leave you were thinking that too right
so let's be very clear this is not the
kind of lens that you would use for
General day-to-day shooting this lens is
designed for a very specific type of
shot a very closeup but still very high
quality angle using a lens that's so
thin that it can actually get inside of
things which is why you need LEDs on the
end to light those things up so it gets
more ridiculous we have got it onto a
motorized slider to make sure this shot
comes out just right the lens does not
have very good inbuilt stabilization but
get it right and you take something that
should not be possible on a phone I'd
give this 60 mil lens a 9 out of 10 so
small and such a powerful effect the pro
Blends more like a seven just as cool
about five times as unwieldy a Moment of
Truth for the clean station it's been 5
days since we put the phone through that
toaster thing oh my God
so this is the sample taken before the
phone was cleaned that is actually Grim
there is so many colonies
here this is the sample taken after
cleaning it's it's actually still not
great but it's a hell of a lot better
than before cleaning and then this is
the control test so this is one where we
put no swab in just to check that the
experiment works so there you have it
not Flawless but a pretty good product
so did we just build the most over
engineered phone rig ever
probably does it also look like a Call
of Duty kill streak definitely let me
know if you want to see an episode two